I refuse to accept other people's ideas of happiness for me. As if there's a 'one size fits all' standard for happiness.
I liberate minds with my music. That's more important than liberating a few people from apartheid or whatever.
We came into a broken world. And we're the cleanup crew.
We all self-conscious. I'm just the first to admit it.
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
I would hear stories about Steve Jobs and feel like he was at 100 percent exactly what he wanted to do, but I'm sure even a Steve Jobs has compromised. Even a Rick Owens has compromised. You know, even a Kanye West has compromised. Sometimes you don't even know when you're being compromised till after the fact, and that's what you regret.
I am Warhol. I am the No. 1 most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh.
I have decided in 2020 to run for president.
For me, money is not my definition of success. Inspiring people is a definition of success.
Blacks, especially in America, have been raised with a slave mentality - they don't feel that they have the right to speak as loud as possible.
Our work is never over.
Know your worth! People always act like they're doing more for you than you're doing for them.
Here's something that's contrary to popular belief: I actually don't like thinking. I think people think I like to think a lot. And I don't. I do not like to think at all.
Nothing in life is promised except death.
If you have the opportunity to play this game of life you need to appreciate every moment. a lot of people don't appreciate the moment until it's passed.
I ain't here to argue about his facial features. Or here to convert atheists into believers. I'm just trying to say the way school need teachers the way Kathie Lee needed Regis that's the way yall need Jesus.
I know I got angels watchin me from the other side.
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus, that means guns, sex, lies, video tapes, but if I talk about God my record won't get played Huh?
I don't know what's better gettin' laid or gettin' paid.
This dark diction has become America's addiction.
If you see a black family, it's looting, but if it's a white family they are looking for food.
I'll say things that are serious and put them in a joke form so people can enjoy them. We laugh to keep from crying.
People always say that you can't please everybody. I think that's a cop-out. Why not attempt it? 'Cause think of all the people you will please if you try.
It was a strike against me that I didn't wear baggy jeans and jerseys and that I never hustled, never sold drugs.
But for me to have the opportunity to stand in front of a bunch of executives and present myself, I had to hustle in my own way. I can't tell you how frustrating it was that they didn't get that. No joke - I'd leave meetings crying all the time.
I didn't want to play it boring and safe. I also didn't want to innovate too much. Second albums, man, they're even scarier than first ones.
I used to have insecurity about my finances, then I announced that I had debt, and now I don't have any insecurities.
I make all my own decisions and I take full responsibility.
I’m not comfortable with comfort. I’m only comfortable when I’m in a place where I’m constantly learning and growing.
Whenever y'all are in the store from and y'all are trying to decide whether or not to get something, think if you saw me wear it before or not, and if I have, then it's okay.
If you have the opportunity to play this game of life you need to appreciate every moment. a lot of people don't appreciate the moment until it's passed.
A lot of people are very sacred with their ideas, and there is something to protecting yourself in that way, but there's also something to idea sharing, or being the person who makes the mistake in public so people can study that.
Being fresh is more important than having money.
As a rapper, I feel like image is always important but even more so than image, I really love clothes, that's why I don't use stylists. I want to do it myself because I really love it.
Everyone's always telling you to be humble. When was the last time someone told you to be great?
The same people that tell me what I ought to have is the same people asking for an autograph.
The plan was to drink until the pain is over, But what's worse, the pain or the hangover?
I know you can't control everything, and everything is in God's hands ultimately, but I'm going to fight, go out and perform for everybody, I don't care.
I'm never at my worst because even at my lowest, its a learning experience. It's something that I'll bounce ideas off. I can take negatives and flip them to positives at all times.
I can't be a slave to the machine, you feel like you're in the matrix.
Nothing in life is promised except death.
People will have a problem with whatever you do. At the end of the day, nobody can determine what you need to do in order to be successful and why would you listen to someone who is not successful tell you what you need to do?
I am not a fan of books.
If I do become more successful, either as a producer or a rapper, I'm going to do everything I can to help whoever I can on the label.
Society has put up so many boundaries, so many limitations on what’s right and wrong that it’s almost impossible to get a pure thought out. It’s like a little kid, a little boy, looking at colors, and no one told him what colors are good, before somebody tells you you shouldn’t like pink because that’s for girls, or you’d instantly become a gay two-year-old. Why would anyone pick blue over pink? Pink is obviously a better color. Everyone’s born confident, and everything’s taken away from you
I performed it all the way through for people. People would say, "We love you, we want to sign you," and then there'd always be one person who'd say, "He's just a producer."
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to god, and keep your face to the raising sun.
My music is rock. I listen to Red Hot Chili Peppers and I listen to one of my songs, and if I don't give you the same emotion, then I go back and re-spit.
Nobody's gonna be bigger than Eminem.
I'm pretty calculating. I take stuff that I know appeals to people's bad sides and match it up with stuff that appeals to their good sides.
I don't even listen to rap. My apartment is too nice to listen to rap in.
Hate and love are very similar emotions. The opposite of love is you don't care.
I could never be in a situation with a job where I was not allowed to listen to music all day. I would rather work at a fast food restaurant where I could turn on the radio all day rather than be in a situation where I have to sneak and listen to music.
This is my life homie, you decide yours
I worked a telemarketing job. I always worked those because I always knew how to talk to people and I always knew how to sell because my father was a salesman. He used to sell vacuum cleaners, payroll services to companies, so that was natural for me to go into sales.
Memories have to be our most painful blessing.